# General [general] {#general}

## Scope [general.scope] {#general.scope}

This Technical Specification describes requirements for implementations of an
interface that computer programs written in the C++ programming language may
use to invoke algorithms with parallel execution. The algorithms described by
this Technical Specification are realizable across a broad class of
computer architectures.

This Technical Specification is non-normative. Some of the functionality
described by this Technical Specification may be considered for standardization
in a future version of C++, but it is not currently part of any C++ standard.
Some of the functionality in this Technical Specification may never be
standardized, and other functionality may be standardized in a substantially
changed form.

The goal of this Technical Specification is to build widespread existing
practice for parallelism in the C++ standard algorithms library. It gives
advice on extensions to those vendors who wish to provide them.

## Normative references [general.references] {#general.references}

The following reference document is indepensible for the application of this
document. For dated references, only the edition cited applies. For undated
references, the latest edition of the referenced document (including any
amendments) applies.

* ISO/IEC 14882:2011, Programming Languages -- C++

ISO/IEC 14882:2011 is herein called the C++ Standard. The library described in
ISO/IEC 14882:2011 clauses 17-30 is herein called the C++ Standard Library. The
C++ Standard Library components described in ISO/IEC 14882:2011 clauses 25 and
26.7 are herein called the C++ Standard Algorithms Library.

Unless otherwise specified, the whole of the C++ Standard Library introduction
[lib.library] is included into this Technical Specification by reference.

## Namespaces and headers [general.namespaces] {#general.namespaces}

Since the extensions described in this Technical Specification are
experimental and not part of the C++ Standard Library, they should not be
declared directly within namespace `std`. Unless otherwise specified, all
components described in this Technical Specification are declared in namespace
`std::experimental::parallelism`.

Unless otherwise specified, references to other entities described in this
Technical Specification are assumed to be qualified with
`std::experimental::parallelism`, and references to entities described in the
C++ Standard Library are assumed to be qualified with `std::`.

Extensions that are expected to eventually be added to an existing header
`<meow>` are provided inside the `<experimental/meow>` header, which shall
include the standard contents of `<meow>` as if by

    #include <meow>

## Terms and definitions [general.defns] {#general.defns}

For the purposes of this document, the terms and definitions given in the C++
Standard and the following apply.

